React Element is basically an  object. When we render the react element, it becomes an HTML element.

JSX is a javascript syntax which makes it easier to create react elements

JSX is not a part of react. We can create React Apps without using JSX also. But it is used to make the development easier.

JSX is a convention, where we kind of merge html and JS together.

JSX is not html inside javascript. It is "JSX". JSX is not HTML, it's a HTML like syntax.

JSX is not pure javascript and as a result our JS engine does not understand JSX. JS engine only understands ECMA script(ES6)

Parcel is the one responsible for making browser/JS engine understand the JSX code. Parcel transpiles the code before it is 
send into the browser.

Parcel itself is not the one who transpiles the code, Parcel gives this responsibilty to "BABEL". 
Babel is the one who transpiles the code before sending it into JS engine.

Babel is not created by facebook.

JSX at the end of the day is converted into React.createElement by Babel and that's how it is being rendered in the browser.

Transpiling JSX to ES6 is not the only job of Babel. Babel does a lot of other things also.
Babel can transpile the code to older versions such that older browsers can understand the code.

If you have to give an attribute to your JSX, you have to use camelCase. 


React Components

There are two types of components in react

=> Class Based Components - OLD
=> Functional Components - NEW

React functional component is just a normal javascript function

A function that returns a JSX code is a functional component.

What is component composition?

Using the selector of one component inside another is known as component compositon

We can show elements inside components and components inside elements and components inside components and elements inside elements.

JSX sanitises our code such that attackers cannot cause any harm. For example, if we are using an api to get data and are showing
that data like this {data} in our component, JSX sanitises {data} so that attacks and other malicious activities are automatically 
prevented for absolutely free.